Uh, guys?
W-What's happening to him?
Baran's body is...
Hyunckel & Crocodine:
Changing!
[trembling]
Is this....
C-Could this actually be...
a Dragon Knight's true form?
Baran: Indeed.
The combined power of Dragons,
Darklings, and humans.
The Ultimate Combat Form
of the Dragon Knight...
A form known as the Dragonoid.
Dragonoid?!
Popp: Whoa... What
unbelievable pressure.
I've never felt anything
this intimidating.
Not even from Hadlar!
Popp - you have to
get inside the castle.
There's no way.
I'm fighting, too.
Don't be stupid.
You can sense that
energy, can't you?
Baran's Aura is overwhelming.
Hyunckel: Besides,
you're out of Magic Power...
You'll be useless out here!
Hey, watch it!
C'mon, Popp. It's not
the time be stubborn.
I'll support these two.
You have to get moving.
Look after Dai...
And if anything
happens to us,
you have to get him as far
away from here as possible!
Alright. Fine then!
Popp: Don't any
of you get killed!
Look out!
[pained yell]
Popp: [agonizing groan]
Leona: Popp!
Striking the
wounded from behind?
How dare you?!
Now that I'm in
my Dragonoid form,
I will stop at
nothing to destroy
every pitiful enemy
in my line of sight.
Just like that
of a Demonic Beast,
this power is simply too
strong for me to hold back.
Baran: Wounded or not,
I have no mercy to spare.
But can you blame me?
You reopened
the scar on my heart.
You have brought
this upon yourselves!
Curse you!
[pained groan]
Crocodine!
Woosh.
Hyunckel: He's... too...
Popp: He's going to wipe
us out at this rate!
Even at our strongest-
there's no way we could beat
anything with this much power.
It's overwhelming - I've
never seen anything like it.
Crocodine: He truly has
the strength of a dragon
and the Magic Power
of a Darkling.
You've seen nothing
of my power yet!
[alarmed breaths]
Baran: I'll erase
you all in an instant...
This is a spell
of purification.
One I can only cast
in this form: Doruora!
We... have to run.
No use. We can't move.
Stop it, Baran. Don't give
yourself over to violence!
Baran: Your words
mean nothing now.
Once I take the
form of the Dragonoid...
I cannot turn back until
you've all been destroyed.
Now, begone!
Dino...
Dai.
No!
What was that?
Was it a dream?
No, it... it was far
more vivid than any dream.
Was it a vision?!
Gomechan: [chirping]
Merle: Dai... Popp...
N-No!
We can't... We can't let
Dai leave with that thing.
Get back to the
castle! Dai; run!
Come on, go!
Dai: Are you the one
who called for me?
I am.
So then, who are you?
I am your father.
You don't need to be afraid.
But you... you don't
look like me at all.
You look... like a monster.
I must admit.
You are right about that,
my son. This form is not human.
It would appear that you
take more after your mother.
I doubt that you can
become a Dragonoid. But...
Baran: Remove that headband.
I get it... I see!
You're telling
the truth, aren't you?
The only proof we need is
the crest upon our foreheads.
It is a symbol of
the bond between us.
While our forms may be
different, we are still family.
You know that it's true.
I am your father.
My father...
All: Popp!
Move it.
What can a piece
of trash like you do?
Well, nothing.
I know that already.
But I... I still
need to fight.
I'm the only one left here...
The last one standing!
Hyunckel: Don't, Popp.
Don't challenge him.
He's right.
I'll crush you.
If you attack me in this form,
then I will respond
with great brutality,
and everyone but my son...
every single person here,
will be laid to waste
no matter how weak
your attack may be.
This is your last chance.
Dino may have brought forth
what remains of my humanity,
but it's too late.
Hand him over to me.
Do it peacefully.
Excuse me, mister.
You're in the way.
Huh?
That man over
there is my father.
But, Dai...
What?
Father or not,
you can't have him!
I'll never let
you have our Dai.
Not now, not ever!
You hear me?
"Our Dai," you say?
That's right! Without him,
Leona would be dead.
Popp: And if they
hadn't fought Dai,
Crocodine and Hyunckel
would still be evil!
Popp: And... And me...
If I hadn't met Dai,
I'd still be running away.
I'd still be some coward.
All talk, useless...
worthless to everyone I know!
Our lives were changed by Dai.
It's thanks to him that
we even made it this far.
He's the one who
lifts us all up!
For him to... become
an enemy to humans...
For him to just disappear
completely from our lives...
I... I'd rather die
before that happens!
Then death it will have to be.
It's no good.
There isn't a single shred
of humanity left inside him.
Curses!
Popp, wait!
Popp [thought]:
What do I do?
I've got no Magic Power
or weapons or items...
All I've got is my fists.
Isn't there anything
else I can try?
Think... Think!
If I don't act, he's
going to take Dai away.
Master Avan...
What would you do?
How would you fight at
a time like this, Master?
Come on!
Popp [thought]:
That's right...
There's still one
thing that I can do.
Popp [thought]:
That's right...
There's still one
thing that I can do.
But if it works, I...
Popp: Don't worry.
I'm gonna end
this thing real quick.
Huh?
Hold on to that
bandana, will you?
I've had it since
I was five years old.
It's kind of my
trademark of mine.
But, me? Why, mister?
Listen... Just don't lose it.
He's fighting him bare-handed?
Hyunckel: Popp,
are you insane?
Baran [thought]:
I cannot bear to watch
such a pathetic
suicide attack.
I'll shatter him
with a single blow.
Th-That's...
Get off!
Curse you! How can your
grip be so strong?!
[struggling grunts]
Popp: You'll see!
All of my life energy is being
focused through my hands...
So I can't let you
pull them out.
Baran: You... You're not...
He... He's...
casting... Megante!
Baran: If you use Megante,
it will kill you!
I-I know - and if
my luck holds out,
we'll both be blown to pieces.
Just like my master!
Hyunckel: Stop it!
This is crazy!
[grim chuckle]
I idolized Master Avan,
but this was one spell
I never wanted to use.
Crocodine: You don't know
if it'll work on Baran!
Oh, it's going to work.
The Draconic
Aura might be strong,
but it can still be broken by
even more powerful energy.
Baran even said so himself-
isn't that right?
He couldn't possibly
break the Aura!
It's an honor...
To make this sacrifice!
With you out of the picture,
there's a chance.
A chance for all of humanity
to survive and live on!
So I don't think I could ask
for a better reason to die!
No, don't. Come on...
Please, Popp!
Stop! Don't do it, Popp!
[struggling grunts]
Dai [thought]: This...
This has happened before.
I remember... The feeling that
came with it - the sadness...
I have to... I can't
let this happen...
I have to do something, but...
[struggling grunts]
He's trying-
to rip himself free!
Baran: [roaring]
Hey. Leona...
Popp: Hyunckel...
Crocodine... Everyone...
You'll have to
take it from here.
P-Popp!
And make something
up for Maam, would you?
Popp, no!
Dai...
Get that sad
look off your face.
It's not the last thing
I want to see. Got it?
See you later, pal.
We've been through
quite a bit...
It's been fun.
But my...
My adventure... ends here.
[roaring]
Popp: Megante!
Popp! No!
Y-You fool!
Dai: I remember...
I remember it all, Popp!
Because I was so weak...
you... you...
I'm sorry! Don't go!
Dai!
Dai: Popp!
Has his memory returned?
Hyunckel: Perhaps...
But the price was far too high.
W-What?!
N-No! Even after Popp
sacrificed himself?
The Megante spell really
had no effect on him?!
I might have taken
substantial damage
from a properly
focused Megante.
But, this one's lack of
experience spared me.
Just as he channeled all of
his life energy and detonated,
this poor fool let his guard
down. His grip weakened.
And so in that final moment,
I managed to break free
of your weak friend.
How could this happen?
Baran: A meaningless death.
Curse... you!
How could you?!
[furious roar]
Gomechan...
Gomechan, don't. Stop it!
Begone!
Dai: Enough... No more.
Stop hurting my friends!
Dino...
It seems you really have
regained your memories.
Incredible... I thought
I'd thoroughly erased them.
Dai: If you really are my
dad, why are you doing this?
You've done all this damage-
you've hurt and killed people...
and for what?!
Silence, boy!
It is my mission to destroy
humanity and it's allies.
You are my son, understand?
You will obey me!
I won't!
You're right that sometimes
humans can be cruel.
They can be selfish,
they can bully, and
they can discriminate.
But I know that some of them
aren't like that at all.
I've seen it.
Everyone is trying
to do the best they can
in the times
they have to live in.
Because...
Because that's who Popp was!
[angry roar]
[pained cry]
He's trying it again!
Baran: Trust me, my son.
There's no reason to
remember such trash...
This time, I'll erase
your memories completely!
You monster.
Baran: Now forget
everything, Dino...
And become my true son!
Dai [thought]: No, I...
I won't forget
Popp ever again.
I'll never forget him!
It's just like last time!
Is there nothing we can do?!
[struggling grunt]
Merle [thought]: Popp sacrificed
himself and fought bravely...
and I just did nothing.
Please, gods...
Dai: [struggling grunt]
God of Dragons,
lend your strength!
Don't resist. Your entire
mind will be wiped.
Dai [thought]: I won't
give in. I'm me...
I'm Dai, the Hero!
Even now, you would
resist your father?
You ungrateful brat.
Dai: You're not...
You're not...
You are not my dad!
[roaring]
Baran [thought]: What?
He struck me while I was
shielded by my Draconic Aura?!
I'll be...
Hyunckel: Dai's
crest is on his fist?
Baran [thought]: How...
Impossible. This can't be!
Throughout thousands of years
of Dragon Knight history,
for the light of the
crest to appear anywhere
other than the forehead...
It's never happened before.
Could it be...
The human spirit?
Is this Soala's will?!
Narrator: With the
Dragon Crest on his fist,
Dai unleashes his
fury against his father.
But the flames
of Baran's rage
are stoked by his
son's retaliation...
And soon Teran Kingdom trembles
as the Dragon Knights clash.
The greatest battle
in history begins...
Next time on Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"A Father and Son Clash".